"Their rising all at once was as the sound of a thunder heard remote." -Milton

"Once the rockets are up, who cares where they come down?" -Tom Hehrer

"Where tillage begins, other arts follow. The farmers therefore are the founders of human civilization." -Daniel Webster

"Thou salt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn." -The Bible, Deuteronomy, 25:4

"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." -George Santayana

"The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction." -Aesop

"Joyfully to the breeze royal Odysseus spread his sail, and with his rudder skillfully he steered." -Homer

"The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes of thinking, and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophes." -Albert Einstein

"Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion." -Jean Jacques Rousseau

"If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't." -Lyall Watson

"Here Hector entered, with a spear eleven cubits long in his hand; the bronze point gleamed in front of him, and was fastened to the shaft of the spear by a ring of gold." -Homer

"So teach us to number our days, so that we may apply our hearts unto wisdom." -The Bible, Psalms, 90:12

"Wherever we look, the work of the chemist has raised the level of our civilization and has increased the productive capacity of our nation." -Calvin Coolidge

"Who pulleth out this sword of this stone and anvil, is rightwise king born of all England" -Malory

"The only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is its inefficiency." -Eugene McCarthy

"Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves." -Albert Einstein

"I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as in what direction we are moving." -Oliver Wendell Holmes

"Computer are like Old Testament gods: lots of rules and no mercy." -Joseph Campbell

"Three things are to be looked to in a building: that it stand on the right spot; that it be securely founded; that it be successfully executed." -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

"Better is bread with a happy heart/Than wealth with vexation." -Amenemope

"As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an evil, then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they set out to destroy." -Christopher Dawson

"Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe." -Albert Einstein

"Only within the moment of time represented by the present century as one species, man, acquired significant power to alter the nature of his world." -Rachel Carson

"Education is the best provision for old age." -Aristotle





